added auto-instrumentation of Django management commands (#644)
elastic/apm-agent-python: docs/django.asciidoc

database queries, HTTP requests, etc.
You can find more information on what we instrument in the <<automatic-instrumentation, Automatic Instrumentation>> section.

Lastly, the agent will also collect performance data for Django management commands.

> You can disable instrumenting for certain commands using the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable instrumentation for certain commands using the 
```

<<config-django-commands-exclude,`django_commands_exclude`>> setting.

> Transactions for management commands can be accessed in the APM app in Kibana by choosing `django_command` in the "transaction type" filter.

Reviewer: **APM app** 😍

> NOTE: The agent collects command line arguments as additional meta data for transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The agent collects command line arguments as additional metadata for transactions.
```
